b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o x b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o o b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o o b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o o b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o o b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b  loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x x o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o o b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o x b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x o b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o x b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o b b b b b o x b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o x b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o x o b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b win
o b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o o b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
o x b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o x b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o x b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o x o b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
o x b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o o b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x x o b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b  loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b  loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x x b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b  loss
x x o b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x o b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b  loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b  loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b loss
x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b  loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o x b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b  loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x o b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x o b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o o b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x o b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x x b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o o x b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o o b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x o b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x x o b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x o b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x o b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x o b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o o b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o x b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o x o b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o x b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x o x b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o x b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x o x b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o x b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o o b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x o o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x o o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x o b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o x b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x o b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o x b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x o b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x o b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x o b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x o b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x o o b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o o b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x o b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x o o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x o o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x b b b b b loss
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o b b b b loss
o b b b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
o x b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x o b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
o o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
b b b b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b loss
x o b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b loss
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b o x b b b b win
o b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o x o b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b loss
b b b b b b o x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o o b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x x b b b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o x b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b loss
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o o b b b b b b b b b loss
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b o b b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b b b b b b b win
o o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b b b b b b b win
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b o b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b b b b b b b win
o x o b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b b b b b b b win
o x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x o b b b o b b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x x b b b b o o b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o o b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b loss
b b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b o x b b b b loss
o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o x b b b b win
b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b o x o b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o x o b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o x b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b o b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x o b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x x b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b loss
x b b b b b o b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
x b b b b b b b b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b x o b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b loss
x x b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x o b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x x b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b win
x b b b b b o b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
x o b b b b b b b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b x b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x b b b b o o b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x b b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b o b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win
x b b b b b o x o b b b o b b b b b x o x b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b win